---
id: wallet
title: Create a Testnet Wallet
---

Once you have done with the installation, you can create a wallet for yourself now.**Please note that the wallet generated by `ckb-cli` is just for development use.**

## Create Wallet

You can generate a new account with the following command. Note that you need to set a password for this wallet:
```bash
./ckb-cli account new
```
<details>
<summary>(click here to view response)</summary>
```bash
$ ./ckb-cli account new
Password: 
Repeat password: 
address:
  mainnet: ckb1qyqt0svx0uhl8xrmgnapmuky7g36l7ee02vsky7cfn
  testnet: ckt1qyqt0svx0uhl8xrmgnapmuky7g36l7ee02vstpq890
lock_arg: b7c1867f2ff3987b44fa1df2c4f223affb397a99
lock_hash: ~
```
</details>

In the output message, you can find the following information:
* `lock_arg`  is needed for configuring your miner software as well as exporting your private key, so **please backup it**.
* `address` is the address of the generated wallet.

## Export Wallet Private Key

> Before your export your private key, you should be aware that your private key is the only key to your tokens and assets. Losing private key or give it to others is as same as losing your tokens or give them away.

You can use this command to export the private key (note that you need to enter your wallet password):
```bash
./ckb-cli account export --lock-arg <LOCK_ARG> --extended-privkey-path privkey
```

> Please replace the `<LOCK_ARG>` part with your own `lock_arg`.

This command will create a file named `privkey` in your current folder. In this file you can find your private key (the first line of the file) and the chain code of the generated account (the second line).

<details>
<summary>(click here to view an example `privkey`)</summary>
```bash
186bb77404cd25410ef6dd0d8b7e22f2b46ab086f46d73b3d4ea4bf16d06bd78
db7687d3935a831068ec4361375ac27d733dacf39c5b80ce51fe06caabf54682
```
</details>

Now you have successfully created your own wallet. Congratulations! You can try to start your own node now.

If you find any problems, please refer to the [trouble shooting document](../references/troubleshooting).
